Add devcontainer and make some clean up (#32)
davidkpiano/xstate-python: README.md

## Testing

You can set up your development environment in two different ways. 

### Using [VSCode Remote Containers](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers)

Note this requires VSCode and the Remote Containers extension (which uses Docker containers)

1. [Open the folder in a container](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers#_quick-start-open-an-existing-folder-in-a-container). This will setup your environment with python (including python and pylance extensions), dependencies and download scxml tests.
1. Run `pytest` to run the tests! 👩‍🔬 (or run the `Run tests` task via VSCode)

### Or on local drive

1. Run `python3.7 -m venv .venv` to create a virtual environment
1. Run `source .venv/bin/activate` to go into that virtual environment
1. Run `pip install -r requirements_dev.txt` to install all of the dependencies in `requirements.txt` (which includes `pytest`)
1. Make sure test files are present and up to date by running `git submodule init` (first time) and `git submodule update`

> 1. Run `pytest` to run the tests! 👩‍🔬 (or run the `Run tests` task via VSCode)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `pytest` to run the tests! 👩‍🔬 (or run the `Run tests` task via VS Code)
```
